add system variable tidb_analyze_skip_column_types (#13862)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

</CustomContent>

### `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.2.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes

> - Default value: "json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: "json"
- Possible values:
```

> - Controls which columns types whose statistics would not be collected when executing the ANALYZE command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls which types of columns are skipped for statistics collection when executing the `ANALYZE` command to collect statistics.
```

</CustomContent>

### `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.2.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: "json,blob,mediumblob,longblob"
- Possible values: "json,blob,mediumblob,longblob,text,mediumtext,longtext"

> - This variable controls which types of columns are skipped for statistics collection when executing the `ANALYZE` command to collect statistics. The variable is only applicable for `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. When using the syntax of `analyze table t columns c1, ..., cn`, if the type of a specified column is included in `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types`, the column's statistics will not be collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls which types of columns are skipped for statistics collection when executing the `ANALYZE` command to collect statistics. The variable is only applicable for `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. When using the syntax of `analyze table t columns c1, ..., cn`, if the type of a specified column is included in `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types`, the statistics of this column will not be collected.
```

> - This variable controls which types of columns are skipped for statistics collection when executing the `ANALYZE` command to collect statistics. The variable is only applicable for `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. When using the syntax of `analyze table t columns c1, ..., cn`, if the type of a specified column is included in `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types`, the statistics of this column will not be collected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable controls which types of columns are skipped for statistics collection when executing the `ANALYZE` command to collect statistics. The variable is only applicable for `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. Even with the syntax  `analyze table t columns c1, ..., cn` to specify columns explicitly, the statistics of this column will not be collected either, in case the type of a specified column is included in `tidb_analyze_skip_column_types`.
```
